docs: Fix some typos in helpers/form_helper.rst (#8915)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/helpers/form_helper.rst

            <form action="http://example.com/index.php/email/send" class="email" id="myform" method="post" accept-charset="utf-8">

        If :ref:`CSRF <cross-site-request-forgery>` filter is turned on ``form_open()`` will generate CSRF field at the beginning of the form. You can specify ID of this field by passing **csrf_id** as an element of the ``$attributes`` array:

        .. literalinclude:: form_helper/007.php

        will return::

            <form action="http://example.com/index.php/u/sign-up" method="post" accept-charset="utf-8">
            <input type="hidden" id="my-id" name="csrf_test_name" value="964ede6e0ae8a680f7b8eab69136717d">

>         .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to enable the :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php** file.

Reviewer: Why do  you remove the sentence about GET request?
It is an important note.

Author: @kenjis It says "In most cases it is requested using the ``GET`` method." What is requested? I didn't understand. Can you please make it a bit clearer?

Reviewer: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn CSRF filter on to the form page.
In most cases the form page is requested using the ``GET`` method.
Normally, CSRF protection is required for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests, but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages that display Forms.

Author: @kenjis Wonderful. Thanks. What about to put that explanation here in the guide?

Author: @kenjis To use auto-generation of the CSRF field, you need to turn on the CSRF filter. In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method. Normally, CSRF protection is required for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests, but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages that display Forms.
If you enable CSRF filter with [$globals] https://codeigniter4.github.io/CodeIgniter4/incoming/filters.html#globals), it will be active for all request types. But if you enable CSRF filter with public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];, the hidden CSRF field will not be added in GET requests.

Author: @kenjis Expanded the note to your explanation.

            <form action="http://example.com/index.php/email/send" class="email" id="myform" method="post" accept-charset="utf-8">

        If :ref:`CSRF <cross-site-request-forgery>` filter is turned on ``form_open()`` will generate CSRF field at the beginning of the form. You can specify ID of this field by passing **csrf_id** as an element of the ``$attributes`` array:

        .. literalinclude:: form_helper/007.php

        will return::

            <form action="http://example.com/index.php/u/sign-up" method="post" accept-charset="utf-8">
            <input type="hidden" id="my-id" name="csrf_test_name" value="964ede6e0ae8a680f7b8eab69136717d">

        .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn on the :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php** file.
            In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method. Normally, CSRF protection is required
            for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests, but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages that display Forms.
            

>             If you enable CSRF filter with `$globals <https://codeigniter4.github.io/CodeIgniter4/incoming/filters.html#globals>`, it will be active for all request types.

Reviewer: I forgot to point out.
Don't use the HTTP links to the user guide.
We also provide EPUB user guide.

>             But if you enable CSRF filter with public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];, the hidden CSRF field will not be added in GET requests.

Reviewer: Please fix the RST format.

![Screenshot 2024-05-31 17 12 12](https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/assets/87955/26b0dbc7-57e8-4485-8b01-38baa921f06a)

Author: @kenjis I hope it is fixed now. I don't know how to preview before commit.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/tree/develop/user_guide_src#setup-instructions

Reviewer: Still not good.
![Screenshot 2024-06-01 8 19 06](https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/assets/87955/bc1744d3-5157-4f34-805a-d7eb67070710)

Reviewer: Please apply this patch:
```diff
--- a/user_guide_src/source/helpers/form_helper.rst
+++ b/user_guide_src/source/helpers/form_helper.rst
@@ -112,12 +112,17 @@ The following functions are available:
             <form action="http://example.com/index.php/u/sign-up" method="post" accept-charset="utf-8">
             <input type="hidden" id="my-id" name="csrf_test_name" value="964ede6e0ae8a680f7b8eab69136717d">
 
-        .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn on the :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php** file.
-            In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method. Normally, CSRF protection is required
-            for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests, but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages that display Forms.
-            
-            If you enable CSRF filter with `$globals <https://codeigniter4.github.io/CodeIgniter4/incoming/filters.html#globals>`, it will be active for all request types.
-            But if you enable CSRF filter with public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];, the hidden CSRF field will not be added in GET requests.
+        .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn on the
+            :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php**
+            file. In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method.
+            Normally, CSRF protection is required for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests,
+            but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages
+            that display Forms.
+
+            If you enable CSRF filter with :ref:`filters-globals`, it will be
+            active for all request types. But if you enable CSRF filter with
+            ``public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];``, the hidden CSRF
+            field will not be added in GET requests.
 
     **Adding Hidden Input Fields**
 
diff --git a/user_guide_src/source/incoming/filters.rst b/user_guide_src/source/incoming/filters.rst
index 303f80b551..4425ce03d3 100644
--- a/user_guide_src/source/incoming/filters.rst
+++ b/user_guide_src/source/incoming/filters.rst
@@ -139,6 +139,8 @@ Filters can be specified by adding their alias to either the ``before`` or ``aft
 
 .. literalinclude:: filters/013.php
 
+.. _filters-globals:
+
 $globals
 --------
 
```

>         .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn on the :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php** file.
>             In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method. Normally, CSRF protection is required
>             for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests, but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages that display Forms.
>             
>             If you enable CSRF filter with `$globals <https://codeigniter4.github.io/CodeIgniter4/incoming/filters.html#globals>`, it will be active for all request types.
>             But if you enable CSRF filter with public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];, the hidden CSRF field will not be added in GET requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        .. note:: To use auto-generation of CSRF field, you need to turn on the
            :ref:`CSRF filter <enable-csrf-protection>` in **app/Config/Filters.php**
            file. In most cases the form page is requested using the GET method.
            Normally, CSRF protection is required for POST/PUT/DELETE/PATCH requests,
            but even for GET requests, CSRF filters must be enabled for pages
            that display Forms.

            If you enable CSRF filter with `$globals`_, it will be active for all
            request types. But if you enable CSRF filter with
            ``public array $methods = ['POST' => ['csrf']];``, the hidden CSRF
            field will not be added in GET requests.

.. _$globals: https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/incoming/filters.html#globals
```
